docs(scaffold): add a Logos Scaffold section for the module (#442)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/scaffold/about-logos-scaffold.md

| Diagnostics | `doctor`, `report` | Reports environment health and bundles logs and state for a bug report. |

Both workflows are also exposed as a typed Rust API under `logos_scaffold::api`, so tests and dev tooling can drive a scaffold-managed project without shelling out to the CLI and parsing text.

Each workflow has a one-command inner loop:

- **LEZ programs:** `lgs run` chains build → IDL → localnet → wallet topup → deploy → post-deploy hooks. Steps 4 and 5 are skippable per profile (`topup = false`, `deploy = false`) for projects that fund or deploy themselves.
- **Basecamp modules:** `lgs basecamp launch <profile>` rebuilds, reinstalls, and starts a clean instance.

:::info
Pick the guide that matches what you are building: [Write and deploy an LEZ program with `logos-scaffold`](../lez/programs/write-and-deploy-lez-program-with-scaffold.md) for guest programs, or [Develop a Logos module with Logos Scaffold](./get-started/develop-a-logos-module-with-logos-scaffold.md) for `.lgx` modules that run in Basecamp.
:::

## Project layout

> Scaffold works on a project directory that contains a `scaffold.toml` file at its root. Every command refuses to run outside such a project, and `lgs init` creates the file for an existing project.

Author: "Every command refuses to run outside such a project" isn't quite right, and it contradicts the procedure page.

Verified against `logos-scaffold 0.1.1` built from `logos-co/scaffold` @ `7c2578d`, running from an empty directory with no `scaffold.toml`:

```
lgs basecamp docs    -> # Basecamp Module Requirements     (works)
lgs init             -> scaffold.toml created at ...       (works)
lgs --version        -> logos-scaffold 0.1.1               (works)
lgs doctor           -> error: This command must be run inside a logos-scaffold project.
```

`create` / `new` are in the same category as `init` — they exist precisely to be run outside a project. And `basecamp docs` working outside is a deliberate feature that [`develop-a-logos-module-with-logos-scaffold.md:101`](develop-a-logos-module-with-logos-scaffold.md) calls out explicitly: *"It works outside a scaffold project too, so you can read the contract before running `lgs init`."* As written, this page contradicts that.

```suggestion
Scaffold works on a project directory that contains a `scaffold.toml` file at its root. Project-scoped commands refuse to run outside such a project; the exceptions are `create` and `new`, which bootstrap one, `lgs init`, which creates the file for an existing project, and `lgs basecamp docs`, which prints the module contract from anywhere.
```
